Restaurant Management System:

techologies used:
HTML, CSS, js, mysql, mongodb, node.js,bootstrap, skelton framework


database: restraunt table: menus
Requirements:
1-should have an apealing and pleasing apearence.
2-should be able to book a table and take orders from customer side and notify admin.
3.should be able to book quick table and take a quick order. 
4-should be able to take contacts detail from customer while ordering
4-shold be able to cusomize order and increase and decrease quantity accordingly.
5.should be able to process payment if possible.
6.should be able to take feedbacks such as complaints and admiration.




1-Home page:

Features:
Admin side:
2-should be well designed.
1-admin can edit photos and special dish of the day.
customer side:

1-dish of the day: one or two special dishes will be shown everyday for 
representation of restaurant or for quick orders by customer side. dish of the day feature comes 
with "order now" button and will redirect customer to the "order review page" for customization and
qunatity and for confiming order.

2-Menu page:
admin side:
1-admin can edit menu, which dish should be added, which is availabe and which should be deleted.


menu page file structure:
menu page mainly based on 4 files 
1-dbconn_menu.js
2-api.js
3-menu.html
4-menu_script.js

menu page working:
factors to be consideres
-add to cart functionality
-booking table
-ordering food
-customization and quantity checking
-placing order
-confirming order
-confirming order by admin side
-payment page

working
-dbconn.js connects the database called "resraunt" with front end menu.html page..
-when user hits the plus or minus button, it adds or substrcts the items in cart and
pop up message of "added successfully!" is shown and when user is done with his order,
he will hit the "review order" button to review or customize his order. after customaztion
and quantity checking he will redirected to fill the customers detail page. after 
filling up the detail he will be redirected to place order page by  hitting place order button,
then he will be redirected to the payment page through hitting check out button, and then
will hit the confirm order button to confirm his order. after confirming his order
pop message will be shown "waitiing for restraunt to confirm..".
-after confirming order by admin side messege will be shown "your order has been confirmed"

logs:
-25 sun 2023: adding items with quantity is now working in console
-adding items with quantity and price 
-bring them on frontend
-send all calculated data in database
-retrive data from database as "review order" in review order order page
-after review order next will be confirm order.
-confirm order button will take user to the payment gateway.

functionality needs to be done:
order now button
payment gateway
navbar in all pages
